What happened to Xiaobao?
What about the children and sister-in-law?
Xiao Tang
Sosuke is dead
Uncle Zihao wow
Sosuke had a lot when I arrived
I watched him die in front of my eyes
Who did it? Who did it?
Take a picture of my desk
What is the scum you taught back then?
He grew up and ate well
I asked my wife
Proud to have him severely wounded by him
Which means he may never get to write it
What's the difference between this and the living dead?
Zhao Shanhu
Oops hahahaha
How old is the girl?
Hahaha Master Zhao
Congratulations on your revenge
Come and go
Revenge for what?
I'm just talking to his wife
Technical experience
Yes, you are right.
I'll punish myself with a drink, yeah?
Lao Gao has a good drink
Hahaha Master Zhao
Why don't you tell your brother?
How did you get along with his wife?
Exchange technical experience
Hahahahahaha